Access review v2 api (#9935)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem-update.md

---

> title: "Patch accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Update accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem"
```

> description: "In the Azure AD access reviews feature, update an existing accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem object that calling user is the reviewer of."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Update an existing accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem object that calling user is the reviewer of."
```

localization_priority: Normal
author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: This note should go after the introduction paragraph.

>Any updates made to an **accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem** can only be made by calling users who are listed as reviewer for the parent [accessReviewInstance](../resources/accessreviewinstance.md).

> In the Azure AD [access reviews](../resources/accessreviewsv2-root.md) feature, reviewers can use this API to update access decisions, known as [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md), for which they are the reviewer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update access decisions, known as [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md), for which the user is the reviewer.
```

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. Delegated permissions to personal Microsoft accounts are not supported. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|

> |Delegated (work or school account)     | AccessReview.ReadWrite.All |

Reviewer: Add this row:

|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|

|Application                            | AccessReview.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http

> PATCH /me/pendingAccessReviewInstances/{instanceID}/decisions/{decisionID}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PATCH /me/pendingAccessReviewInstances/{instance-id}/decisions/{decision-id}
```

```
## Request headers
| Name         | Description |

> |:-------------|:------------|

Reviewer: |Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

| Content-type | application/json. Required. |

## Request body
The following table shows the properties accepted to update an `accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem`.

| Property     | Type       | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|

> | `decision`             |`String`                      | Access decision for the entity being reviewed. Possible values are: `Approve` `Deny` `NotReviewed` `DontKnow`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| decision  | String | Access decision for the entity being reviewed. Possible values are: `Approve` `Deny` `NotReviewed` `DontKnow`.  |
```

> | `justification`    |`String`                       | Context of the review provided to admins. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  justification | String | Context of the review provided to admins. |
```

## Response
If successful, this method returns a `204, NoContent` response code and no response body.

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

This is an example of approving access for a user represented by an `accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem`.

> 

Reviewer: ### Request

> # [HTTP](#tab/http)

Reviewer: Remove item 56.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/pendingAccessReviewInstances/70a68410-67f3-4d4c-b946-6989e050be19/decisions/654b34e7-b48f-4772-a2d4-08f1d0dd014c

{
  "decision": "Approve",
  "justification": "I trust this person"
}
```

> # [C#](#tab/csharp)

Reviewer: Remove lines 69 through 78.

[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Objective-C](#tab/objc)
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

> ##### Response

Reviewer: This should be a H3, not an H4: ### Response

---
title: "Update accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem"
description: "Update an existing accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem object that calling user is the reviewer of."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Update access decisions, known as [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md), for which the user is the reviewer.

Reviewer 2: You might want to add a note about how the app can tell whether or not providing a justification is required
